Documentation: Improvement the list of build-time requirements (#9733)
ocaml/ocaml: INSTALL.adoc

== Prerequisites

* A C Compiler is required.
  The GNU C Compiler (`gcc`) is recommended as the bytecode interpreter takes
  advantage of GCC-specific features to enhance performance. gcc is the standard
  compiler under Linux, and many other systems.

>   However `clang` used in Mac OS, BSDs and others, also works fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  compiler under Linux and many other systems.
  However `clang` - used in Mac OS, BSDs and others - also works fine.
```
(or commas instead of hyphens, or parenthesis - the point is it's subordinate!)

> * GNU `make`, as well as GNU `awk` and GNU `sed` are required.

Reviewer: We do require GNU `make`, but vast amounts of time have been invested making macOS's broken `sed` and `awk` work in the compiler build system (`tools/check-typo` specifically doesn't work with `mawk`, but that's not part of the build)

Reviewer 2: For `make` we absolutely need GNU make.

For `sed` I would hope we only rely on POSIX-standardized features and macOS's`sed` implements those as well as GNU `sed`, but I may be optimistic.

For `awk` the whole story is painful, but we're trying to not require GNU `awk` to build the core system.

>   Alternatively, Dune can also be used but the support is experimental.

Reviewer: I don't think this sentence is a good idea, on the basis that the Dune build doesn't get you a complete compiler distribution (I believe?!). In the old days, `fastworld.sh` was indeed experimental, but it did build a _complete_ distribution.

Reviewer 2: Agreed: I'm not sure the Dune build can build the whole system at the moment, so please don't advertise for it.  Plus, as far as I can remember, it could call into makefiles to build the runtime system, including sed and awk invocations.

> * GNU `diff` is necessary to run the test suite.

Reviewer: Do we strictly need GNU `diff`?

* The GNU BFD library is necessary for the `ocamlobjinfo` tool to be able

>   to process `.cmxs` files. (optional)

Reviewer 2: This is no longer the case since the merge of #9551 .

* If you do not have write access to `/tmp`, you should set the environment
  variable `TMPDIR` to the name of some other temporary directory.

== Prerequisites (special cases)

* Under HP/UX, the GNU C Compiler (gcc), the GNU Assembler (gas), and GNU Make
  are all *required*.  The vendor-provided compiler, assembler and make tools

>   have major problems.

Reviewer 2: That was relevant in the late 1990's.  Nowadays I don't know who is still using HP-UX nor how good/bad their tools are.  So, feel free to remove this item.

Author: Ok, I removed it then.

  have major problems.

> * Under Cygwin, `flexdll` is necessary for shared library support.

Reviewer: It is helpful to mention `gcc-core`, simply because Cygwin has multiple C compilers

* Under Cygwin, `libintl-devel` is necessary for the `ocamlobjinfo` tool to be

>   able to process `.cmxs` files. (optional)

Reviewer: This isn't correct, although in checking I believe I've found a bug in the handling of libbfd on Cygwin anyway. For now, this should be the `binutils` package, not `libintl-devel` (NB definitely `binutils` - Cygwin doesn't have `binutils-devel`)

Reviewer: Actually, scratch that - having just double-checked it (there's no bug):
```suggestion
* Under Cygwin, `libintl-devel` and `zlib-devel` are necessary for the `ocamlobjinfo`
  tool to be able to process `.cmxs` files. (optional)
```
(given that `objinfo_helper.exe` is a 46M executable on my Cygwin installation, @nojb's patch to remove the dependency can't come quickly enough!)
